[3.11] gh-100408: Fix a traceback in multiprocessing example (GH-100409) (#106231)
python/cpython: Doc/library/multiprocessing.rst

      ...     return x*x
      ...
      >>> with p:
      ...     p.map(f, [1,2,3])
      Process PoolWorker-1:
      Process PoolWorker-2:
      Process PoolWorker-3:
      Traceback (most recent call last):
      Traceback (most recent call last):
      Traceback (most recent call last):

>       AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'f' on <module '__main__' (<class '_frozen_importlib.BuiltinImporter'>)>
>       AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'f' on <module '__main__' (<class '_frozen_importlib.BuiltinImporter'>)>
>       AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'f' on <module '__main__' (<class '_frozen_importlib.BuiltinImporter'>)>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'f' on <module '__main__' (built-in)>
      AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'f' on <module '__main__' (built-in)>
      AttributeError: Can't get attribute 'f' on <module '__main__' (built-in)>
```
